well you a nerd these you over there
looking like Steve Urkel with Brooke
keeping a nap afro these are the type of
lobbies that are gold real guys listen
up guys listen I don't mean to do this I
don't mean the B III I don't want what
listen what I'm trying to say is you
guys are being pretty noisy and it's
kind of about eight different noise
violations so unless you pipe down I'm
kind of gonna need to do a citizen's
arrest
Susan he's nuts okay it's guys listen
I'm telling you right now I may need to
do a citizen's arrest if you keep
cursing people off I know nobody taught
me shit so goofy look didn't I mean he's
a fucking nerd I'm gonna be strength
over here I grew up in a very rough part
of town okay
I grew up a very rough part of town if I
you know you're white right where I grew
up in the slums where we could only
afford last year's Mercedes Benz okay
where's nice women so guys today guys
today I was playing catch with a few of
my friends outside by Johnson's Ridge
and I threw the ball at one of my
friends and it hit him right in his nose
and I said guys this is baseball not
face ball or something like that
ah
guys did you get it uh guys guys guys I
said it's baseball not face ball shut
the fuck up dude do you see the joke tom
where are you at now we really need to
have that face-to-face talk don't beat
the shit out of you Tom we are going to
meet we are going to have a face-to-face
talk and we're gonna do a fist fight
like men
alright but I will beat the shit out of
it uh Tom left I didn't fucking leave
you bitch somebody else killed me you
don't listen if I can't get some
cooperation there's gonna be a bunch of
citizens arrests right yes - here man
okay but like I said play fair he chairs
up a little helicopter bring yes over
them shit either
okay oh then there's you Tom sorry wait
can I wave hey Tom I'm over here okay
did you see that let's fuck sugar it's
Tom what one day Ange dude citizen's
arrest
citizen's arrest motherfuckers gonna
shoot me yeah gonna shoot me you gonna
fucking shoot me and let this bitch hit
me with him nightstick
no what my whole crew is I hear bitch
don't play oh we can go to walk funny
Tom me me out here fist fight like men I
up boys don't shoot me man look how the
fuck you gonna fist fight like a man you
got a nightstick bitch
well you swung at me first and I either
use my proper authority cause you say
woman bag box pants are nothing to stand
there waiting for him at a shoe
hey Tom Tom jeez good you're gonna shoot
me
citizen's arrest why he won't put the
fucking knife stick away some take his
baseball bat and beat his fucking brains
out with Tom I gonna fight gonna fight
you be talking bullshit food for the
last one because you guys are all you
guys you guys have about seven different
noise violations yeah you're one of them
shut the fuck up you nightstick use and
bitch go fight we laugh or what are you
gonna kill me yeah I am because I'm part
of the authority here you guys aren't
letting it'll do my job
yeah wait stop I didn't even say go yet
dude I said mercenary to attack me haha
oh there's Tom Tom get over here let me
lay these paws on you up shit Oh God
overshot that one no guns just fists
like men something new you guys wouldn't
know about shut up bitch I know how to
use these on myself how the fuck is
troll cave keep shooting me probably cuz
you're loud obnoxious look at it look
you said a bitch